Israel says at least 10 people have been
killed in a rocket attack in the Israeli
occupied Golan Heights the Israeli
military said Hezbollah militants fired
the rocket which struck a football pitch
in the town of majal Shams Hezbollah has
denied involvement in the attack which
comes after an Israeli strike on
Southern Lebanon killed several members
of the militant group Hezbollah is
considered a terrorist organization by
the United States Germany and several
Sunni Arab countries
let's get more on this developing story
with a journalist balik sladin in Tel
Aviv so Israel here is blaming Hezbollah
for this Hezbollah denying any
involvement what are we to make of
this yes uh just moments ago the of
spokesperson Daniel hagari said that 10
people were killed all of them are
between the ages of 10 to 20 which which
means we're talking about kids teenagers
and blaming of course hisbah that's
after the security assessments that said
that hisbah fired a rocket that landed
at that soccer field inside Maj sham
again it's a Drew
Village well in The Narrative of hisb
belongs to Syria actually and we're
talking about an Arab Village of course
most of them don't even have any Israeli
IDs now hisbah is denying their
responsibility although that just like
uh at
1929 um so 7:30 p.m. they took
responsibility for an attack with a
felic one missile uh toward a military
site that is actually just a few
kilometers from Maj Shams now I'm not
saying that this is the same attack but
it's just weird that we're talking about
the same timing and only a few uh like
half an hour after the attack and we're
talking about the same uh incident which
is one missile that landed in that area
they're trying to say that it's actually
an iron Dom missile so Interceptor
actually that went wrong and hit that
soccer field the iron D missile is an
surface to air missile of course and not
a surface to surface missile so
different narratives here and maybe if
they are denying responsibility it could
also be other fractions in Lebanon maybe
Hamas and Lebanon or other fractions
that fight Israel alongside hisbah that
could be also case but for now we're
seeing that the IDF is blaming hisbah
for that so a lot of open questions
still the big one of course is whether
this could lead to further escalation
what is the risk now that Israel will
launch retaliatory strikes
here that will definitely happen just um
um the Israeli foreign minister ISAT
just said that there will be a reatory
attack and it will be unproportional now
that's again what everybody was afraid
of that that such an incident would
happen with lots of people civilians
that would be killed and then Israel
will have to actually uh respond to this
and uh in that case uh the assessment in
Israel that we are facing a few days of
heavy fighting on the border um maybe
different situation I don't think that
we are going right now to a full thrown
out war in lebano because I think the
two parties has nothing to achieve here
but at least least a few days or maybe
weeks of a different um equation on the
north from the one that we've used to uh
uh since October 8th when the
hostilities started so not only
targeting the towns and communities that
are just 5 kilometers from the border
maybe we'll see that Israel would
actually hit more strategic more deep
inside Lebanon into hisbah
infrastructure and not only uh the
equation that we've used to it
well thank you so much for that update
that is journalist balik sedine in Tel
Aviv